[Music]
you may be familiar with the opening
line of famed author daphne du maurier's
rebecca
last night i dreamt i went to mandalay
again the gothic classic explores
timeless themes as readers navigate the
bubbling romance turned sinister
thriller
the thing that attracted me to the
project was the kind of russian
doll-like smuggling of stories within
stories within stories
you can have a horror film that lives
inside a thriller that lives inside a
romance movie
i can imagine her kind of chuckling as
she's writing this thing going
people are going to think that it's
about a woman who falls in love with
this guy and like their incredible life
but what it actually is going to be
is something really dark and disturbing
[Music]
i wanted to go back again to recapture
the moments that had gone
and then it came to me that if we did it
would not be the same
imagine if you could bottle a
memory-like scent
and whenever you wanted you could open
it
be like living the moment all over again
enter this new woman who has
this sweetness and purity and almost
innocence that certainly the last mrs
winter and the late mrs winter didn't
have
any of
demoria always said that rebecca was a
study in jealousy
mrs danvers runs the house and has been
for the last sort of
year or so while mr de winter has been
absent
and she's quite a formidable character
and woman and she is fiercely loyal to
the first mrs dewinter to rebecca
and she laid an emphasis on the words
this wing as if suggesting that the
suite where we stood now held some
inferiority
oh you can't see the sea from here
no you can't uh should mr winter ask for
his old wardrobe i'm afraid you must
tell him if it wouldn't fit here
the rooms on this side of the house are
much smaller
this wasn't his bedroom before oh no no
no
no mr winter's rooms were in the west
wing
sometimes i felt like rebecca was as
real to me as she was to mrs danvers
i think mrs danvers it could have been
her she could have been
she could have married somebody like
maxim de winter but
didn't and ended up as a servant
and i think that's great not her tragedy
but her
that's her rage glad you're here mrs
danville
i'll never remember all this
oh i'm sure you won't disappoint him
madame if that's your concern
it must hurt her every time she heard me
called mrs dewinter
mrs danvers does mr winter ask you to
keep the room like this
it doesn't have to she's still here
you feel her
i wonder what she's thinking about you
taking her husband and using her name
i just found that it was something that
i felt like could be retold and brought
back
and would surprise the audience as much
as it had surprised me you know
and i fell for all the twists in it
again
living in that big old house with a
ghost
i don't believe in ghosts
[Music]
you